docs: set api endpoints to localhost by default (#13778)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/run-node/01-run-node.md

jq '.app_state.mint.minter.inflation = "0.300000000000000000"' genesis.json > temp.json && mv temp.json genesis.json
```

### Client Interaction

> When instantiating a node Grpc and REST are deafaulted to localhost to avoid unknown exposure of your node to the public. It is recommended to not expose these endpoints without a proxy that can handle loadbalancing or authentication is setup between your node and the public. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When instantiating a node, GRPC and REST are defaulted to localhost to avoid unknown exposure of your node to the public. It is recommended to not expose these endpoints without a proxy that can handle load balancing or authentication is set up between your node and the public. 
```

> > A commonly used tool for this is [nginx](https://nginx.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
A commonly used tool for this is [nginx](https://nginx.org).
:::
```
